well my people I meet Luis
Prieto and a legend of the dragon mud and
the cold in Puerto Rico this Sunday
will be moving a super match to joel
roman is the titan king 50 places us
we can miss you big good event my
we are going to wait for a lot of emotion
let's wait for some vehicles this
remodeled because as you see
elton here is a car of frau this and
And now they have made a
modifications to run dragueo
we hope to give you a good career
How can you share that as a family?
will be this Sunday July 29 in pig
loose in villalba tell us that there will be
there that how are you picking up what
competition system now good so
let's have the 3 more than between them
then there's the toque and the titan we're going to see
the one that here this little text
we will have another male another one more this ricky
turbo and billy tech I'm going to the table is
served is this Sunday this Sunday not
you can miss it
Well a guide or a message that
scream joel román the titan's good
Well, I 'm just going to tell you
one thing has to such a majadito vienna
because the tom here is going to tow you
the slope up we have one bread
for the payment when I arrive above you
you are going to have to put and in the bottle
of alcohol in the gas tank
you are going to have to drink alcohol to
that lowers push up there that's the
only that this Sunday July 29 web and
some thanks to the people who
they help you through Spain for that event
Well, we are here, we thank you
so imagine my family
flowed away
all the boys who have shared
with us and they have helped me good
transformation of elton here thanks that
it was for ww point by point with
take it away
good I lie the thing got better
still now I meet with joel
roman the one of the titans that is going to run with
toy account
he has to wait and on Sunday
my people for the first time the story
you know a great ukip broker
intrigue which for many years your side
A lot of people are waiting for you there but now
as it says there veiled each one arrives
his day and unfortunately, my own
mechanical because I have to admit the
that more has helped me reach
here but I read his golden one is a movie is
eating in 29 there to go
to see I know that in spite of everything when
I got behind me running it was
feel happy because the real got the
hands to inside
now comes a moment they tell me that
comes with a lot of new things in
your here to who is owed those things
a special thanks to someone
here in candle beats me this with a lot
sacrifice and this is a mojito that
we have among us
because this is part of the sport and the
best friends here that are shared and
from here it shows that although I
yuki and have a match and a race
like the one we 're going to have 29 is a
experience that comes to everything and that
everyone is not going to realize that there it is
that is really shared because he wins or
lose but I'm going to enjoy them
two and in the people we are going to
give a show and we will show you
that in that track of by right we are going to
start to relive the sport that does not
so much we like all of us and in
thanks to him that forges
all the people who are born have been
integrated this group jonathan july
oscar sandra this are many people who are
about the mind have seen the desire
that can have a cart like
candle that will bear fruit this year and between
All of them have helped me greatly and
I hope to have a machine that goes
surprise to surprise and I know they are
among the best we will be there not
Well, many laps already on Sunday
you know
prieto in the play hugo and I are
roman in the titan this Sunday 21 of
July you can not miss it to double
double 2.0